Readme migration from common (#768)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-android: kotlin/raster-function-service/README.md

# Raster function service

Load a raster from a service, then apply a function to it.

![Image of raster function service](raster-function-service.png)

## Use case

Raster functions allow processing operations that can be applied to one or more rasters on the fly. Functions can be applied to rasters that come from a service. A land survey agency may apply hillshade and aspect functions to rasters with elevation data in order to better determine the topography of a landscape and to make further planning decisions.

## How to use the sample

> Tap the "Apply Layer" button to apply the raster function and display the result.

Reviewer: the kotlin version doesn't have a button, it just displays the result: 
```suggestion
Pan and zoom the map to explore the raster function applied to the image service raster.
```

## How it works

1. Create the `ImageServiceRaster` referring to the image server URL.
2. Create the `RasterFunction` from a JSON string.
3. Get the arguments of the raster function with `rasterFunction.arguments`.
4. Get the names of the raster arguments with `rasterFunctionArguments.rasterNames`.
4. Set the raster argument with `rasterFunction.setRaster(rasterName, imageServiceRaster)`.
5. Create a new `Raster` referring to the raster function.
6. Create a `RasterLayer` to visualize the computed raster.

> 7. Display the raster.

Author: ```suggestion
4. Get the names of the raster arguments with `rasterFunctionArguments.rasterNames`.
5. Set the raster argument with `rasterFunction.setRaster(rasterName, imageServiceRaster)`.
6. Create a new `Raster` referring to the raster function.
7. Create a `RasterLayer` to visualize the computed raster.
8. Display the raster.
```
